In a moment,
the bamboo house floods and Cho Rong gets injured.
Byung Man's Tribe is in a crisis.
However, the survival must continue.
They recharge themselves...
and separate into three teams to explore.
Byung Man's Tribe comes across the wonderful Mother Nature...
that can be only witnessed in Taveuni Island.
And what is this gigantic fish they find in the sea?
The Law of Jungle in Fiji, the eighth story. Let's get started.
We're going to divide into teams.
Let's divide up. We have to find food.
He's right.
Everything's in the island. We've gone to the waterfall...
We haven't been to too many places.
I think we've only been to the waterfall.
We wanted to check out all the locations,
so let's divide up and move.
It's raining so much. Can we still go?
That's why we're going far to where it didn't rain.
We have to survive somehow,
so Yun Hyeong and I'll go out to the sea to fish.
- Is that okay? - Yes. We'll try.
- Really? - You're fishing in this weather?
We have no choice. We have to catch something.
Isn't it easier to fish when it's raining?
- Please be careful. - Come back if it's not safe.
- Please be careful. - Please be safe.
See you later.
- You can do it. - See you later.
- Why is it raining more now? - You can do it.
(It's raining more now.)
This way, Bo Mi.
Wherever we go, the rain always follows us,
so ours fans call us Rain Pink.
You know it rained every day since our arrival in Fiji?
When we were getting on the boat, it rained a little bit too.
It wasn't intentional,
but I'm sorry for the trouble.
We won't come again.
- Please take care. - These are the new members.
Please follow me.
We became close already.
I'm getting teary.
It keeps on raining.
Are we able...
to go elsewhere?
- I think there's something. - This way.
- What? - I think there's something.
(Moon Sik finds something.)
- What? - What's there?
- Check it out. - Be careful.
(What is it?)
It's a turtle.
- Where? - It's a turtle.
Hurry up. It's a turtle.
(They find a green sea turtle.)
Come here. It's a turtle.
Oh, dear.
Look.
(They're fascinated.)
Turtles symbolize luck.
- Exactly. - Really?
They do.
- They're a symbol of longevity. - I think we'll do well.
(Here and there)
(Roaming)
(It hurries up.)
Bye.
Be happy.
It's not easy to spot turtles in the jungle.
- Really? - This is luck.
- Yes, something good will happen. - We'll get lucky.
- It's still there, right? - I see it.
- There. - It's so cute.
(Good luck, Byung Man's Tribe.)
It's checking to see if we left.
I have a good feeling.
(They get going again with hopes of getting lucky.)
We saw so many cool things.
(They're happy.)
This is magnificent.
Look at that.
(They find something again.)
- What is that? It's like a map. - It's pretty.
Where is this? I feel like I've seen this on our map.
It looks like a comet dropped.
- Mushroom? - Mushroom Rock?
(It's marked as Mushroom Rock on their map.)
- There's a Mushroom Rock? - Yes.
Mushroom Rock?
(Taveuni Island was built from an eruption of lava flow.)
The rocks look awesome.
- I thought it was cement... - Really?
- when I saw it from far away. - There's space on the ground.
The one closest to us looks most like mushroom.
I want to eat mushrooms.
(She has a great appetite.)
- "I want to eat mushrooms." - So these are the Mushroom Rocks.
It looks nice. From far away, it looks like they constructed it.
Rocks near beaches have unique colors. They're black.
- We usually don't see black rocks. - That's true.
They look amazing.
- I wonder how much time passed. - I know, right?
They have a lot of nice little areas.
You can easily miss them.
(Tae Gon and Yun Hyeong reach the Mushroom Rocks as well.)
They're huge.
This is amazing.
(It's a great shelter from the rain.)
This is perfect.
I've never seen rocks like these.
They're so black.
They're so interesting.
(This is art that's been made over time.)
How do they stay like that?
The waves are rougher here.
I think they get sharpened by the waves and get smooth.
- This is big. - What is it?
See? There are conches. Let me see.
- It's full. - It is full. Let's take this.
- We have to take this. - For sure.
They're here.
- It's heavy. - We can take 10 conches back.
(I hope we can take 10 conches back.)
If we have 10 of them, we'll have a good meal.
Right?
Isn't this it?
(He pops it out.)
(Giggling)
- Give me a high-five. - Look.
This must be big.
- We have to crack it open. - Right.
Let's cook it. This is great. Awesome.
I got another one.
- What's this? - This looks edible.
It's edible.
You have a good eye.
(You're good at finding them.)
You're incredible.
(It's really in there.)
- You have to go fishing with me. - Okay.
You have to go with me.
(Tae Gon is a great fisherman and Yun Hyeong has a good eye.)
Are there fish here then?
There must be.
We just have to go out into the sea.
Meanwhile, Kang Nam and Jin Woon set out to explore the waterfall.
I'm embarrassed of myself. What do I do?
- I'm kind of embarrassed too. - Right? Both you and me.
I'm embarrassed of myself this time.
- I didn't even catch a shrimp. - You didn't?
No.
We have to keep trying.
I have a good feeling. We're so motivated.
(He hurries up.)
You're going faster now.
- Pardon? - You're going faster.
We have to go fast and catch something.
We have to show the power of young people.
We might find coconut crabs on the way.
- Let's show them. - Right. It's time.
Here?
Fishing?
(Locals say this is a good location to fish.)
The current is so strong.
When the current is strong, eels swim to the edges.
- We might be able to catch them. - From the edges?
- Let's try it. - Let's try.
We can do it. Let's go.
Okay, let's go.
- Go, go. - Let's catch it.
- I think we can do it from here. - From here?
Let's do it here.
(They get into position...)
(and hook a bait.)
Okay.
- Isn't this good? - Yes.
Keep looking.
At the same time, Moon Sik's team is looking for a water slide.
They follow the valley.
Fiji is just full of water.
- It's water and rain. - It's always raining.
The rain is not stopping.
Be careful here.
(They follow the narrow valley upstream.)
It's falling towards here.
Is this the water slide?
It starts from the top.
- It's made by nature. - It looks amazing.
I approve this. Water is so clear.
Water slide. Welcome to the water slide.
Oh, my.
Where does this end?
Where does it end?
Would you like to try?
- Should I try? - Will you?
I'll give it a try.
(Okay, let's do this.)
(He's the first one to go on the water slide.)
We came this far. We have to try it out.
- Be careful, Moon Sik. - Use your left hand.
(He crosses the valley to get to the starting point.)
(He takes big strides.)
I was raised in the rural area,
and locals do this as well.
I was getting excited. Let's do this.
From the top?
- You can do it. - Okay.
(You can do it, Moon Sik.)
(You are the best.)
(He reaches the starting point.)
How do you feel right now?
I'm getting nervous for some reason.
I won't die, right?
(He's so cool about it.)
(He gets ready to go in.)
(The real man gets on the water slide.)
He's coming.
- Let's go, Moon Sik! - Let's go!
(He starts as the other members cheer him on.)
(Let's go, water slide.)
(The stream is so refreshing.)
(Sliding)
(This is full of thrill.)
(The water quality is great too.)
(This section accelerates.)
(Exclaiming)
(He's so excited.)
(He was sliding down fast and the water splashed on him.)
(He lost his cap.)
(He had a successful attempt on the refreshing water slide.)
You were awesome.
(He's amazing.)
It leaves you flustered.
It's fun.
(It's still fun.)
- This... - It was fun?
- It was. - Really?
Is the water cold?
Kind of. But if...
you submerge yourself in the water, it's not that cold.
It's just cold in the beginning.
I'm scared. I'm scared, Dam.
- A little bit. - Which one was the most fun?
Last one and the one behind it.
- This area? - Yes.
I'm scared.
Don't do it if you're scared. You don't have to do it.
You wanted to try it?
Be careful here.
(Bo Mi crosses the water to get to the starting point.)
(She's unstable.)
(She crosses to the other slide slowly.)
My legs are shaking.
(She walks towards upstream.)
It's so strong.
- The current is stronger now. - It's strong.
(The current is murkier and faster than earlier.)
(20 minutes ago and now)
I was shocked.
I wanted to try it,
but the current grew stronger.
(Just when she was about to try, the water grew in size.)
I got scared. I couldn't even dip my foot in.
The current was so strong.
Bo Mi, it's too dangerous to try.
The water grew.
(The current is growing in strength.)
(Bo Mi tries to go back.)
It's scarier now.
Be careful.
(She hesitates because the water is so fast.)
The water grew stronger. It got stronger.
(She clenches her teeth and tries again.)
(She's scared.)
(She returns safely.)
- Good job. - Good job.
My goodness. It's so strong.
- The water grew stronger. - There's more water.
(The staffs have to come back too.)
The rain is traveling down.
It's different from earlier.
Give me the camera first.
Take this.
(Local help them hand over the camera.)
The water's strong. It's muddy.
Be careful.
(I'm safe now.)
We're good.
- It's still raining, right? - Yes.
(It keeps on raining and they're helpless.)
The water grew in size all of a sudden.
It must be dangerous elsewhere too.
I think we should go down and check out the situation.
- We're up here so we can't tell. - Let's go down and check.
The water changed all of a sudden and they leave the valley.
I hope the rest of Byung Man's Tribe is safe.
- Hold on. - Help her.
- I can feel it. - You can?
- Yes. - You can feel it?
(Kang Nam and Jin Woon are still fishing downstream.)
- I can feel it bite. - You can?
- It must be the water current. - Look.
- This is the current? - It is.
- This is the current? - If it bites, it'll be obvious.
- I didn't catch anything. - Would we catch anything?
- The water current is too strong. - Right.
(We have to show them something.)
Hold on. This is raining too much.
(The water is seeping in.)
(The water speed picked up and the water level is higher.)
This is scary.
(It looks like the rock might get pulled out.)
We have to evacuate.
(Let's get away from here.)
The water grew too much. There was no water here earlier.
It's filling up now.
Let's go. Come out.
(The water looks angry.)
Let's go, Jin Woon.
Hurry up, Director.
- Hurry up. - It's dangerous.
- Sir. - Director.
- We're not joking. - It's really dangerous. Hurry.
(They need to get back to their shelter quickly and safely.)
- The water grew so much. - This is no joke.
What about the other members?
- We have to go here. - We can't cross.
No way.
What's wrong?
- Whenever we try to do something... - How do we cross?
What's wrong this time?
(The rope they tied up yesterday is submerged now.)
This is not a joke.
If this continues, our shelter is in danger.
- Let's go and see. - Okay.
There's nothing we can do.
(Their shelter is about to get flooded.)
(The rain keeps on pouring.)
It's going to rain for about six more hours.
From now on.
(Staff informs Byung Man's Tribe about the situation.)
Your shelter and the entire area will...
get flooded tonight.
- They'll get flooded? - If this continues.
Our shelter is near the river.
- Is that why? - During high tide,
water from that side...
- It reaches here? - They get sent here.
That's possible.
For your next survival, we have to evacuate.
- Evacuate? - We're leaving completely?
(It's always safety first.)
We'll be in trouble. Let's leave then.
Let's evacuate right away.
Let's go.
Due to the unexpected rainfall,
staff decides to evacuate.
I wonder if Tae Gon and Yun Hyeong are okay.
They better get back fast.
Byung Man's Tribe packs up...
before their shelter gets flooded and gets ready to evacuate.
Tae Gon and Yun Hyeong were planning to go finishing...
out in the sea, but their legs are bound.
- The weather is so bad. - I know.
Please get back.
(They're powerless in front of nature.)
It was raining so much and the temperature dropped.
We got so cold.
We were getting symptoms of hypothermia.
For me, I was reaching an extreme situation.
Base camp, can you hear me?
The waves are rough and it keeps on raining, so we can't go on a boat.
Please tell me your situation.
It's raining a lot here too. There's too much water,
so we're planning to evacuate.
Please evacuate.
Filming is important, but this is a dangerous situation,
so we're going to evacuate as fast as possible.
Let's go.
My goodness.
This is a bad situation.
The staff evacuated the Tribe into a safe place...
and started their emergency meeting to come up with a plan.
(The staff's emergency meeting)
Would that be a better plan?
The problem is that it might rain more heavily,
and we might not be able to get out even next morning.
We should stay put for the night, and tomorrow morning...
Since it's not easy to move to another place,
they will spend the night at the base camp.
They decided to wait and see the weather tomorrow morning.
When I was told suddenly that we had to pull out,
I was really surprised.
The water kept on flooding in.
The house we built was about to submerge too.
(It was vulnerable against the rain.)
It rained so much that we couldn't handle it.
It was like...
we didn't have a choice. We were trying to save ourselves.
I thought we were in big trouble.
It was pouring down, and I knew it would be flooding soon.
When I heard that we were pulling out,
I was relieved.
I was scared. The moment I saw it, I was frightened.
I learned how dangerous it could be.
I think nature can be very scary.
To humans, nature can be an abundance of life,
but it can be endlessly cold-hearted at the same time.
A true law of jungle that we mustn't forget is to adapt ourselves...
to Mother Nature instead of fighting against it.
However, like yesterday was a nightmare, it's sunny the next day.
The Tribe has been through a lot.
Putting their survival behind them, they split into three teams...
and venture out to explore the Garden of Spirits.
The Tribe sets out to find Mother Nature such as coral sea and...
the scenery on the coast that can be only seen in Taveuni Island.
(Thumbs up)
How will the Garden of Spirits, they will come face to face with, look?
(The day of exploration starts!)
(Taveuni Island, the morning of day 3)
(He's getting ready in a hurry.)
- How do you feel? - How do I feel?
It must be the weather clearing up.
I feel...
(It's sunny in the Garden.)
so much better all of a sudden.
I feel great.
I want to catch a spearfish today.
I'd like to feel it with my body.
Spearfish requires more than my hands to pull it up.
(Is there a reason for his confidence?)
I actually told this to Dam too. I have a feeling that...
I'm getting lucky when it comes to fishing these days.
I told him unlike before, I'm catching a lot of fish...
and that I can catch whatever fish I want.
(Trophies of his fishing in 2017)
I told him if I'm lucky, I'll be able to catch a spearfish.
In front of the sea in Taveuni Island,
there's a famous fishing point for spearfish.
Are you sure we'll be able to see these spearfish today?
Whether it's me or Dam, whoever it is, if one of us is pulling...
out a spearfish, the other one must hold from the back.
Let's try it.
- This is it. - It's coming.
(Since spearfish tend to be huge, it might be a tough struggle.)
(They have a shot if 2 of them go at 1 spearfish.)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Gosh, I'm nervous.
I can't wait.
(They get on the fishing boat.)
There's no middle ground here.
Either it's pouring...
- Right. Either it rains... - or it's extremely sunny.
What's your name?
- It's Jake. Hi. - Jake?
(A spearfish expert accompanies them.)
Jake!
I believe in you!
(His desperation takes over.)
Spearfish! I don't know the word for it in English.
(Look forward to see Jake's amazing performance.)
(Fishing is all about the energy.)
Spearfish!
(The atmosphere is good, and so is the weather.)
I want to catch a spearfish!
(It's a perfect departure.)
My gosh, the color of the water is fantastic. It's spearfish's color.
Wait. Do spearfish live in the blue water?
This is the color of the spearfish.
(He meant to say he was feeling great.)
Tae Gon, you played a lot of roles for kings.
You're going to be the king of the sea, Jang Bogo.
You're Jang Bogo today, okay?
Get the energy from Jang Bogo.
Catch the spearfish!
(Here comes the king, Tae Gon.)
Come out!
(Come out, spearfish!)
(Lee Tae Gon, the king of the sea)
I guess we arrived.
I guess this is it.
Is it here?
Yes! It's here!
I'm ready!
(He throws the fishing lure into the water right away.)
(He unwinds the fishing reel.)
(Everything is set for them to fish.)
Look. It's sunny now.
- Sweet. - The weather is great.
Everything is going according to just like how you predicted.
- The sun is up! - Oh, spirits.
Spirits!
Please let us catch spearfish!
(Please grant us spearfish!)
Spirits.
- Are we fishing like this? - Yes.
- We already started? - Yes, we did.
I didn't know.
We're going to circle around here just like this.
(Trolling is a method of attracting fish as they drag fishing lures.)
First off, the sound of engine makes them...
curious because there's a noise.
They feel the sound wave.
They'd be curious. When they look at the boat, they see the lures.
When we do this, look at the boat.
- I see. - The boat makes the sea foam.
The sea foam deceive the fish, and we take advance of that.
(Tae Gon checks the time all of a sudden.)
The sea is at low tide right now. It's time for the low tide.
(He looks trustworthy with his arms crossed.)
(It's when the tides begin to ebb away.)
It's beginning of the low tide.
The water is starting to ebb away little by little.
When that happens, do the fish move together?
When the tides switch from rising to ebbing away,
it's easier to catch fish.
(During that time, fish are more active.)
It happens when the tides are shifting.
It's been about an hour since the tides began to outflow.
The tides are on our side.
(It's true that he's reliable, but...)
We are trolling, but the lines are on the side.
You know how all the handles are located on the right?
(Even when we fast forward 10 times faster, he never stops.)
(I'm as talkative as Yu Jae Seok on the fishing boat.)
This is the most I've seen him talk out of all the interviews he had.
- You're referring to Tae Gon? - Yes.
He can talk for days when it's about fishing.
(These are 3 forbidden topics in Korea.)
(They are military, soccer, and fishing.)
A fish should be biting the lure about now.
(The fish are the only thing that can stop him from talking.)
Looking at the waves, it's about time we heard something.
(Oh, spirits. Please make him stop talking.)
Hey, the weather is amazing here.
- My gosh. - The color of the sea is so blue.
The color of the sea is emerald.
(Where?)
- I see. That's pretty. - What a picturesque view.
It's so pretty.
(The sea is youthful and fresh like them.)
The weather was amazing.
The three of us had so much fun at that time.
We felt peaceful which was something we couldn't feel for a while there.
We were so happy to see the beautiful sea.
This is the real side of Fiji.
I can see everything. This is incredible.
(Where is this clean place they can see everything in the water?)
Which part of the Garden did these three visit?
It's the Rainbow Reef, an area with massive corals,
located between Taveuni and Vanua Levu Island.
The area got its name from the colorful corals...
as they looked like a rainbow underwater.
It's 1 of top 10 diving sites in the world.
This is a paradise for divers.
The area is embroidered in 390 kinds of different, beautiful corals.
The Rainbow Reef certainly shows a breathtaking view.
(Into the amazing view underwater)
The corals make a picturesque view of the sea in Fiji.
Are you ready to join them?
Look at the color of the sea.
(They get ready to dive in.)
(Jin Woon takes off his shirt confidently.)
It's tighter than I thought.
(However,)
(it seems his excitement is taking over his body.)
All right.
(Jin Woon and Kang Nam seem excited,)
(but Bo Mi seems out of place.)
(When the time to dive in nears, she looks even more troubled.)
Do you know how to swim?
I'm afraid of deep water.
I fell into the water once when I was young,
so my experience makes me scared of the water.
I asked the staff earlier if I have to dive into deep water.
(If I must dive into deep water...)
If I must, I should practice before coming onto the show.
To feel more at ease in the water, Bo Mi got swimming lessons...
before leaving for the jungle.
Will she be able to handle it?
Aren't you nervous? It's your first time snorkeling in deep water.
Yes, I am. I'm feeling slightly nervous now.
(At that time)
(Don't be sad, no, no, no)
(Of 1 mind and 1 goal, the guys...)
(dance to encourage Bo Mi.)
- You were wearing a skirt then. - That was a long time ago.
Look at those tropical marine fish.
(The fish amazed Bo Mi.)
My gosh. I like them so much.
(Come on in already.)
(The greeting of the fish excites them more.)
This is incredible.
You can do it! Tell me how they looked in person.
Okay.
(They are ready to set out to the Rainbow Reef.)
(Jin Woon dives in first.)
(Looking around)
(How is it, Jin Woon?)
(Popping up)
- This is fantastic. - Really?
It doesn't get too deep right away, right?
Will I float back up?
- The suit will keep you afloat. - Is that so?
(She gets in after mustering courage.)
(It looks like someone yanked her.)
My gosh, it's so cold! The water is freezing cold.
Please stay by my side, okay?
(But she still manages to do what she's supposed to do.)
Mom!
Hey, it's amazing here.
(He sparks...)
(her curiosity.)
(She makes a circle in the water.)
(Screaming in excitement)
(She gives a thumb up.)
(She has entered a new world.)
(It seemed she was struggling in the water for a while.)
(Just follow me.)
(Following Jin Woon in front,)
(she begins swimming.)
(She's slowly moving to the Rainbow Reef.)
(What are these?)
Thousands of fish passed by my side.
I felt like I had befriended fish.
It was beautiful.
I am usually afraid of water.
The beautiful scenery made me want to see more.
I continued to go farther.
(Bo Mi is an inexperienced swimmer.)
Jin Woon stayed by my side and said,
"Let's continue to go at this pace." He tried to help me a lot.
I was very thankful.
The way Bo Mi swims without holding back...
was unexpectedly pretty.
The scenery underwater was grand in a different way.
I felt like I was watching a movie.
I loved it.
(Jin Woon dives.)
(He looks graceful.)
(I am the prince of the sea.)
(While the two of them are absorbed in an expedition,)
(Kang Nam, who has the certificate, is at a scuba diving site.)
(He will go deep into the water.)
(I heard it's more beautiful here.)
To be honest, I had dived at many different seas.
I thought to myself, "I bet it will look the same."
This sea was different.
(Kang Nam reaches the coral reef.)
(The view is more splendid at the deep sea.)
(Follow me.)
(The school of fish welcomes him...)
(and dances like petals.)
I could tell why people call it the Rainbow Reef.
Orange, pink, blue... I saw the colors so suddenly.
There were beautiful fish.
I saw colors of the rainbow.
(Puddingwife wrasse)
(Damselfish)
(Trumpetfish)
(What is this?)
(Christmas tree worm)
The corals were like the rainbow. They were very vibrant in colors.
The sunlight made the view look like a work of art.
I was excited.
(He found a dazzling treasure underwater.)
(This sea is the best.)
Jin Woon and Bo Mi reach the deep sea.
(They kick and swim close to the corals.)
Even though I was exhausted, I couldn't stop diving.
I felt like I had become a mermaid.
(It's a mermaid!)
(No, it's Bo Mi.)
It was incredible.
I forgot about the struggles of the previous day.
(They feel like they are in a zero-gravity environment.)
(Let's dive together this time.)
(She follows Jin Woon...)
(and swims without hesitation.)
(Bo Mi overcomes her fear of water.)
(Kang Nam is exploring the deep and dark part of the sea.)
(However)
(Let's go that way.)
(It's very big.)
I was surprised.
When I felt something and looked around,
I saw something I hadn't imagined,
big roses.
There were 500 and 1,000 of them. They were very big.
They were very big in scale.
(It's a view he has never seen before.)
(What are these mysterious roses?)
I got goosebumps the moment I saw them.
What are these?
(What are these?)
- What are these? - Corals.
I asked the cameraman,
but he said it was his first time seeing them.
I shouted in the water.
Both of us were surprised.
You wouldn't see them anywhere else.
(They hadn't expected to see a field of flowers.)
(He doesn't know how to show his excitement.)
Cartoon artists draw things out of their imagination.
That's what it felt like.
(The fantastic size and shape belong in cartoons.)
There were big corals.
(I am the main character of this cartoon.)
(Is he Oscar in a rose garden?)
(He applauds the greatness of the nature.)
I was fascinated.
I think there is a different world under the sea.
("The great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.")
(He returns feeling as though he is drunk.)
That was incredible.
Even the cameraman was surprised.
He went into the sea 3,000 times.
- I have never seen such big ones. - Right?
It was beautiful.
(Did the mermaid forget how to walk?)
It was incredible.
They met the new world under the sea during their tiring survival.
It's a gift from the above.
Meanwhile, Moon Sik revisited the water slide...
with Cho Rong and Yun Hyeong.
We need to go down the slide since we are here.
I enjoy the thrill.
Cho Rong, are you okay?
(She struggled yesterday because of her eyes.)
Yes, my eyes are twinkling now.
Look at her eyes. They are twinkling.
Your eyes are fine now, right?
They are totally fine. They really are.
They are twinkling.
Hearing the water makes me feel refreshed.
How will we go down it?
- How scary! - Will you be able to go down?
(The sight leaves them a bit flustered.)
Where does it end?
There is less water today.
Compared to yesterday, the water is clearer.
- There was a lot yesterday. - That must have been scary.
This is a bit scary.
Where does the water slide begin and end?
Do you see the white part of the water?
That's where it starts.
They can slide down 30m without stopping.
This is the unearthly playground, the natural water slide.
There is just the right amount of water for enjoyment.
Shall we fall into it?
Shall we go?
- You can go first. - It's scary.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
- I bet the water is cold. - I know.
The water is cold.
I need to warm up.
(He begins to warm up his body.)
Be careful.
(A warm up is a must before entering cold water.)
It's better than yesterday.
(The less amount of water makes the experience better.)
(He enters right away.)
It's okay.
Let's go.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(He goes without holding back.)
Let's go.
(It's a refreshing sight.)
My goodness.
(Moon Sik slides down expertly.)
(The natural water slide offers a smooth path.)
My goodness.
(Shouting)
(The speed is perfect.)
(He slides down fast.)
(Shouting)
(He passes through the corner...)
(and arrives at the bottom.)
(Wow)
Are you okay?
(I am okay.)
You are cool.
(Bravo, Moon Sik.)
(The water seems to be too cold.)
The water is cold.
(I will give it a go too.)
Come on.
(It's the younger members' turn.)
Let's go.
I am scared.
My goodness, I am scared.
- What am I going to do? - The current is too strong.
Isn't the current too strong?
What is this?
(Come on in.)
- Should I go first? - Go first.
- I will follow right away. - Okay.
- Watch me go. - Then I will follow.
Okay.
(Yun Hyeong enters the water carefully.)
- Be careful. - It's not as cold as I thought.
- Really? - It's not as cold as I thought.
Be careful.
Here I go.
Good luck.
(At first, he soaks his body lightly.)
(The onlooker is excited.)
(The slope is gentle in the beginning.)
(Then the ride picks up the speed.)
(Speeding up)
(Fiji water park opens.)
(Yun Hyeong slides down at an incredible speed.)
(It's a collaboration between cold water and exhilarating speed.)
(Half screaming and half exclaiming)
That's it. That's it.
(He swallowed a bucket of water at the end.)
(It was still fun.)
That was fun.
(I gave it my all.)
Slide down slowly.
I am scared.
(Meanwhile, Cho Rong...)
(is scared.)
My goodness. Someone save me.
(Will I be able to slide down?)
Good luck. You can do it.
My goodness.
Gosh, it's cold.
(The water is cold and the current is strong.)
The current is strong.
(The beginning is slow.)
This is fun.
(She changes her mind in 5 seconds.)
Here I go.
(Brave)
(Go down the water slide.)
(Screaming)
(Was she really scared at first?)
(It's impossible to tell if she is laughing or screaming.)
My butt hurts.
It was fun.
(Even though it hurts, it was fun.)
(She enters the acceleration area.)
(Is this a commercial for a water park?)
(Contact Apink if you want them as the models for a water park.)
(She gets submerged in water in the end.)
(Were you thirsty, Cho Rong?)
(Despite drinking water, she is excited.)
That was fun.
(Laughing)
(Moon Sik takes care of the younger members.)
I drank a lot of water.
- Did you? - Yes.
Cho Rong,
you fell on your butt.
- Are you okay? - Yes.
(The thrill made them forget about the unpleasantness.)
That was incredible.
It was fun.
You did a good job.
Shall we dive?
- My goodness. - This is incredible.
This is incredible.
Is this for real?
(When they look from above,)
(the height is dizzying.)
(The height is scary.)
The water is deep.
(Moon Sik readies himself while Yun Hyeong hesitates.)
All right.
I will jump in first.
Be careful.
The Law of Jungle, let's go!
Let's go!
(Jump)
(He dives in without hesitation.)
- That was incredible. - He is cool.
All right. Here I go.
(Yun Hyeong gets ready to dive.)
- The Law of Jungle. - The Garden of the Spirits.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
(He jumps in without hesitation.)
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
(Yun Hyeong is great.)
(Good luck.)
I want to do it again. Let me go again.
- That was fun. - He got hooked.
The Garden of the Spirits, let's go.
(Yun Hyeong is addicted.)
Let me go again.
(No one can resist the experience after the first try.)
This is fun.
It was the same as the water park. I had so much fun.
It was my first time diving, but I had so much fun.
I jumped about three times.
(He is satisfied.)
I felt like I had returned to being a kid.
It was fascinating.
The current was faster than I had imagined.
It was really like a slide.
I enjoyed playing in the playground...
the nature has created.
It was amazing.
I drank a lot of water.
With the refreshing water slide,
they washed away the exhaustion that has built up.
Anyway, did the fishing team catch something?
(Tae Gon and Dam are still waiting for fish to bite.)
Don't birds such as gulls fly over the fish?
That's how it usually is.
- It's a jackpot if there are birds. - That means there are fish.
It's a jackpot if there are birds.
(Where are the birds?)
- I see a flock of birds. - Where?
I see a flock of birds. There are a lot.
(Do you see the birds?)
Birds.
There are a lot of bids.
(They find a flock of birds.)
This is incredible.
There are a lot of birds.
(They are happy to see a flock of birds.)
- There are birds. - Tuna.
- Tuna? - Tuna.
- Tuna. - Tuna.
- Tuna. - Let's go.
- There are birds. - Okay.
This is great.
I have never seen so many birds.
They must be hunting.
That means there are anchovies underwater.
That means...
there are a lot of fish underwater.
- I have never seen so many birds. - Really?
I have seen 10 or 20 birds. Over there, it looks like...
there are 200 birds.
(Hundreds of birds is solid evidence of fish.)
- There are fish here. - That's right.
The birds are circling the place.
It's raining.
(They are near swordfish or tuna.)
I don't think it will rain there.
(Did you hear that?)
(Whipping)
(The fishing rod bends.)
(What is going on?)
- Get up. Come on. - What is going on?
- There are fish here. - That's right.
The birds are circling the place.
It's raining.
(They are near swordfish or tuna.)
I don't think it will rain there.
(Did you hear that?)
(Whipping)
(The fishing rod bends.)
(What is going on?)
- Get up. Come on. - What is going on?
My goodness.
Did you hear it?
What was that?
- He heard it too. - It bent a little bit.
It bent a little bit.
It's raining.
I was so surprised.
- That means fish bit and let go. - Really?
There are fish.
It touched the bait.
The fish bit and let go.
- You heard it, right? - That woke me up.
This is what happens.
It comes when you let go...
and give up.
(The fish plays hard to get.)
It was incredible to hear the sound.
The birds need to be here for longer.
Why did the birds disperse?
(What?)
- The fish must have dispersed. - Where did they go?
- I bet they didn't like the boat. - I know. They dispersed.
(The birds suddenly disappear after the first bite.)
We searched the area with the hovering birds.
(Still, fish don't bite.)
That's when I became worried.
"It shouldn't be like this. Please, please."
"Please bite."
(Tae Gon begs the fish.)
It's upsetting.
(He is reminded...)
(of his painful memories.)
(He was confident in Siberia.)
(However, he failed to catch fish.)
(Tae Gon never caught fish on The Law of Jungle.)
(He has always been confident.)
(In Brunei, he broke his fishing rod.)
If I fail again,
I will live quietly.
I won't talk about fishing.
How will I fish when I go back to Korea?
It's quite easy to fail to catch fish.
(He begins to give excuses.)
You can fail 10 out of 10 times.
(Rambling)
It's incredibly hard to succeed...
during the five-hour shoot.
(6 hours pass.)
(Cameras turn off one by one.)
(Will they give up?)
Two fish might come at once.
- Fish will come. - I have a good feeling about this.
(They haven't given up hope.)
- Tunas aren't the only fish. - You are right.
- There are barracudas. - Barracudas. Groupers.
- Dorados. - Dorados.
I don't think there are a lot of fish.
Only the lucky ones catch fish.
- Come on. - Get out of the way.
- Get out of the way. - It's fish.
- It's fish. - Okay.
It's here.
- Get out of the way. - Give it to me.
(It's this fishing rod.)
(It bends out of sight.)
- Get out of the way. - It's here. It's here.
- Which one is it? - Get out of the way.
Did it fall off?
It fell off.
(For goodness' sake.)
Fish fall off easily.
We now know that there are fish.
(Howling)
How unfortunate!
(Hope is on our side.)
All right.
(Fish will come again.)
- It will come again. - I skinned my knee.
- Did you hear the sound? - Yes, I did.
The sound lasted longer this time.
- What was that? I saw fish jump. - Where?
I saw fish jump.
- Really? - Yes.
There it is.
When the fish bites again, it will be the third time.
We will catch fish on our third try.
Really?
- All right. - This is the place.
- My goodness. - Be careful.
(Moon Sik, Cho Rong, and Yun Hyeong are exploring.)
The sea is cool.
It's Jeju Island!
It really looks like Jeju Island.
The rocks look like those of Jeju Island.
- We are at Jeju Island. - This is blue moon.
- Blue moon? - Blue hole.
Where is it?
(Amazed)
(Is there something?)
That must be the blue hole.
- That's incredible. - That must be it.
(A column of water shoots up from the beach.)
A tall column of water shoots up from the beach.
This is a blow hole.
When the wave enters the hole...
that was created due to volcanic activities,
the seawater that was inside shoots up...
due to the water pressure.
A big and powerful column of water...
makes a wonderful sight.
(It looks like computer graphics in the movie.)
(It will be big up-close.)
It's dizzying.
Here it comes.
(Cho Rong raises her arms.)
(This is like...)
("Frozen".)
(There!)
(Cho Rong, the magician princess)
(They exclaim when Cho Rong raises her arms.)
(This is fun.)
How can it splash like that?
(Yun Hyeong is having a touching moment.)
- What's that? - It's like a humidifier.
- Like a mist. - Mist?
- Really? - Like a bidet.
- Bidet? - Should we go sit there?
You thought of a bidet looking at that?
- Like this. - I see.
(I can talk with my body.)
(The largest bidet in the world)
Shall we go as close to it as possible?
(They want to check out the bidet up close.)
- I thought it was a blue hole. - Me too.
- I thought so too. - But it was a blowhole.
Yes, that's what I thought.
- Goodness! - Gosh.
(It's more mesmerizing up close.)
Don't you want to know what's it's like inside?
- Yes. - I want to see the hole.
- I'll go check it out. - It's dangerous.
- I'll go this way. - What if waves roll in?
(Moon Sik takes the lead.)
(He moves closer carefully.)
- Please be careful. - Be careful.
There's a hole.
There it comes.
(It shoots up right then.)
(Going to the source of the pillar of water)
(Splash)
(Extremely powerful)
(Cannot see anything at all)
(As you look at the blowhole up close...)
(an extremely powerful pillar of water shoots up.)
(Scared)
(Just when he lets his guard down,)
(he gets attacked by the powerful waves.)
(A sudden salt water shower)
- Gosh. - Goodness.
Help me!
- Please don't hurt me. - Come up here.
(Goodness)
- It's getting stronger. - Why is it getting stronger?
- It's telling us to stay back. - It doesn't want us there.
- It doesn't want us. - It's saying "Don't come near."
- It's like a whale blowing water. - Yes.
(They keep a safe distance from the blowhole.)
- It's like a dragon is breathing. - Yes.
It's pretty.
- It is. - Really.
(They enjoy their short break in front of a blowhole.)
(Screaming)
(But...)
(they're just getting showered with sea water.)
(They're still excited.)
- Amazing. - Awesome.
(Yun Hyeong rates it 10 out of 10.)
(They're just happy.)
I'm all wet.
- This is cool. - I'm all wet.
- Here's another one. - Here it comes.
(The waves are playing with them.)
(They're soaked.)
This is awesome.
(When they're this soaked, they should quit playing.)
Gosh, we are completely soaked.
Let's leave.
(All right, we're leaving.)
I think they don't want us here.
Getting wet isn't a problem anymore.
They finished exploring the blowholes.
(Blowhole exploration complete)
Let's go.
- This is freshwater. - Yes.
Shouldn't there be fish?
- Trout or eel. - We haven't caught trout.
Guys, do you hear this?
- It's a waterfall. - Do you hear the water?
Is it really close?
- It sounds amazing. - I love this.
- The sound of rough nature. - There it is.
- I see it. - What do you see?
I see it.
(Their hopes for catching fish is growing.)
(Let's see.)
(They've only heard of a triple waterfall.)
(What does it actually look like?)
There it is.
(Inside the tranquil jungle is...)
(a triple water with great energy.)
There was a triple waterfall...
in a densely wooded forest. It was like CG.
(A beautiful and harmonious scenery by nature)
I've seen single or double waterfalls before, but not triple.
1, 2, 3.
Up close, it was a bit scary.
(The energy is overwhelming.)
I could only see the first and second tiers.
But there was a huge third tier in the back.
It was magnificent.
But there is a secret to the triple waterfall...
they didn't know.
If you go in farther,
you can see that it's actually a septuple waterfall.
(There are seven tiers in total!)
It's a really amazing sight.
(The great nature has endless secrets.)
That's a great spot for fishing.
You should go there and stand under the waterfall.
The team who came before us did.
(It's because they were beasts.)
It's too scary.
I should take my shirt off. Should I keep it on?
(Let's start hunting!)
You must be cold.
(Jin Woon has been taking his shirt off a lot today.)
It's much colder when your clothes are wet.
- Really? - Yes.
Is that right?
(I'm an innocent idol Apink,)
(but for hunting I will...)
(Gosh)
- Are you serious? - No.
(Bo Mi is so naughty.)
It's cold!
(It's cold, but we'll go in to hunt.)
(Getting ready to dive in)
(Everyone is sure that this is the fishing spot.)
(I'm the yellow haired beast.)
(Beast Kang Nam is coming.)
(He ignores the cold,)
(and prepares to greet the prey.)
(Jin Woon who is full of energy...)
(dives in as well.)
(They hunt together as a team.)
(They dived in completely. The real fishing starts now.)
(It won't be like the shrimp hunting.)
(Bo Mi doesn't idle about.)
(She explores eagerly.)
(Kang Nam and Jin Woon take the lead.)
(Bo Mi follows them behind.)
(Bo Mi searches for fish.)
(Right then,)
(She spots a school of fish.)
There are fish!
- Really? - Yes.
(They could be trouts or eels.)
(Kang Nam is on the left and Jin Woon is on the right.)
(Bo Mi is the commander-in-chief.)
(Mad Max: Fury Waterfall)
(Concentrate. They're here.)
(But...)
(there is nothing.)
(Fish, where are you hiding?)
(Bo Mi is embarrassed.)
I'm cold.
(Did I see fish ghosts?)
(I don't see anything.)
Should we go over there?
I think it's better to be in the water.
No, it's not.
I don't see any fish.
(But it's too early to give up.)
(They need to move down the stream...)
(where the current is weaker unlike the upper stream.)
(Turning over a new leaf)
(They seek with avidity.)
(Right then,)
(a silver fish swims by.)
There it is!
There's fish.
- You scared me. What? - There's fish.
- What? - There is fish.
- Really? - You didn't see it?
Am I the only one seeing it?
(Jin Woon quickly gets ready to dive.)
(Is it here somewhere?)
(Looking around)
(Kang Nam dives in too.)
(I'm right here.)
(Will it be Kang Nam...)
(or Jin Woon?)
(He aims...)
(and shoots.)
(They give it a try at the same time.)
I got it!
(He caught the silver fish!)
- I got it! - Nice!
Look!
- I got it! - How did you catch it?
(Kang Nam successfully catches a fish.)
(Flagtail lives in brackish water zone.)
That's so cool.
How did you catch it?
I pierced it.
- Just like this? - Yes.
Gosh. That's cool.
(Kang Nam is all revved up to hunt.)
Let me touch...
(It looks like she got hit by a palm blast.)
(While Kang Nam is excited about his catch...)
I'll catch the big one.
(The unlucky Jin Woon seems discouraged.)
(He clenches his teeth.)
Jin Woon, there's a big one. It's really big.
It's big.
There's a big one.
(Jin Woon staggers to the spot Kang Nam pointed.)
- Is it really big? - Yes.
(Stumbling)
(I won't let it escape.)
(Swimming leisurely)
(A determined...)
(blow)
(As soon as he throws the harpoon,)
(he staggers again.)
(Does Jin Woon have weak legs?)
(Where did it go?)
(It looks like he won't catch anything today.)
- There's another one. - Where?
Right there.
(Today's food is all on the tips of Bo Mi's fingers.)
(Kang Nam quickly dives in.)
(Watching carefully)
(Piercing)
Gosh, that's amazing.
Did you catch it?
Yes! We have two fish!
(The strong man, Kang Nam)
(And)
(The really unlucky man, Jin Woon)
There are so many, but I haven't caught any.
(How did you feel at the time?)
Kang Nam is starting to show what he can do.
But I haven't done anything.
That's what I thought at the time.
(His body is too ripped to not catch anything.)
You can catch fish!
You can do it!
(Bo Mi cheers Jin Woon up with a loud voice.)
Good luck!
(Bo Mi's solo concert in Fiji)
(She begins with a medley of Apink's songs.)
(Bo Mi's 7th self, the clown, appears.)
That's it.
(She does the Hawaiian hula dance,)
(and dances to a punk rock song. Her dance goes beyond genres.)
(Gosh, I gave my all.)
(Bo Mi is gone.)
("Bo Mi's Solo Concert Is Successful")
Kang Nam caught two of my friends.
I'm actually a mermaid.
(This is the place where my friends hang out.)
I had a fight with my friends earlier.
We are not on good terms, so I can't catch them.
(Bo Mi, you can stop now.)
(Bo Mi, the clown, turns into a mermaid.)
Flapping, flapping.
(So the mermaid of Fiji...)
(lived happily ever after.)
(Why is she doing that?)
My gosh. It's getting dark.
Kang Nam!
(He's still engrossed in hunting.)
What? Did you call me?
It's getting dark now.
They tried hard to hunt fish in the cold waterfall,
but they only caught two tiny fish.
Tae Gon and Dam are the Tribe's last ray of hope.
The weather has cleared up completely.
- The weather got much better. - This is great.
(They've been fishing for 6 hours. It's the clearest sky today.)
(Since lures gleam with sunlight, they're perfect to attract fish.)
(The king of hope begins to fight his battle again.)
(He is lost in thought next to the fishing rod.)
(He's determined.)
When you're not catching anything, you need to switch the lures...
once in either 30 minutes or 1 hour.
- My gosh. Look at the birds! - What? What is it?
Those are real birds!
They are flocks of them.
- They probably saw fish over there. - I see.
Look. How could there be so many of birds over there?
- They can just snatch fish there. - Hurry!
- We must hurry. - Crank up the speed!
(The boat speeds up.)
- Look! There are birds all over. - Nice, nice. We got this.
- There are so many birds. - Okay.
(This is going to be amazing.)
That's fantastic.
It's swarming with fish.
- Hey, that's a tuna over there. - My goodness!
(Patting his arms)
(They're in a frenzy of excitement.)
Was that a tuna?
I'm 100 percent sure it was a tuna.
(There's another one far away from them.)
A fish as massive as this jumped over the water.
They're hunting for food. Look at the birds over there.
The birds are hunting for food.
- They went into the water. Look. - They did. My goodness.
- What was that? - It jumped.
(The fish get away by jumping over the water.)
They're trying to get away.
- What was that about? - They're trying to get away.
Hey, get ready. Stay on alert.
I should prepare myself.
I see them jumping. That means there must be a lot of fish.
They bit!
(They bit both rods.)
(Let's go.)
- They bit both lures. - It's both.
(They must hold the rods.)
They bit the bait. They bit. What should we do?
(They swiftly array for the battle.)
Look at that! It's jumping! We got the fish.
- What should I do? It's jumping! - Hold it.
The fish is right here.
(Tae Gon tackles the first one.)
Hey, here. Look.
It got away.
- No, no. This one didn't. - This one still has the fish.
- Step back. Move back. - It got away.
(Now, it's 1 against 1.)
- We got it after changing the lure. - This is amazing.
- I told you it'd work. - I saw the fish jump! I saw it!
- Hold on. - You can't let it get away.
Give me a second. This fish bit the lure. Let me take it slow.
I saw it jump. I saw it!
(He's going to reel now.)
(It's a combination of a technique and power.)
I saw it jump over the water!
It was in the water and out of it. I saw it!
- I saw it. - Give me a minute.
- It was so big. - Hold on.
- What? What is it? Did it get away? - Wait.
I don't feel the fish resisting anymore.
- No, I still have it. - You have it? Good, good.
(His battle resumes.)
I still have it. I do, but...
- it's not that big. - It's not?
- No. - But it looked massive.
I still have it, but...
- Here it is. - There it is!
It's right there! It's so close.
(Its silhouette is blurry.)
(It's about to reveal itself.)
It's right there! It's so close.
I got it.
- Slowly, slowly. - Take your time. Calm down.
- Slowly. It's a dorado! - What was it?
(A dorado?)
- It's a dorado. - A dorado?
- I think it's a dorado. - Hurrah!
- Yes! It's a dorado. - Hurrah!
- Dorados are really tasty. - Sweet!
- Tasty dorados! - Hey, keep it down!
(All of his focus is on the power struggle.)
You're so loud.
I see it now. Tae Gon, it's big.
When I tell you to scoop, do it right away.
- Tae Gon, do I get the gill? - Yes.
(Tae Gon is about to restore his reputation as the king of fishing.)
I got this. Scoop it up at once.
- What do I do? It's my first time. - This fish...
- It's going to resist. - Okay.
- Look at the dorado. - Okay.
(It's quite big.)
Look at the dorado. Unbelievable. I caught a dorado at last.
- Quiet. The last step is important. - Tae Gon.
What do I do? Do I aim at the gill?
- Ask Jake to help. - Jake.
(The expert will shoot the harpoon to wrap up.)
Jake is good at it.
I can't believe it.
This...
(The dorado is still full of energy.)
- Hey, move aside. Back up a bit. - We should pull this.
- Do I grab this? My goodness. - Hold the rod. Hold it.
(Floundering)
- My goodness. - Hold it.
Hold the rod.
(The fish tries to escape.)
It's going to spit out the needle.
(It's not an easy match.)
It's big! My gosh.
(There's a chance they might miss it right under their nose.)
- Make sure you hold the rod. - Goodness.
If we lose it,
we would be back to square one.
I'd have nothing to say.
To make sure we didn't lose the fish,
I kept telling myself that I should calm down.
- Make sure you hold the rod. - Goodness.
(The fish was looking for a chance to escape,)
(and made the last-ditch effort.)
- It's big! My gosh. - Hold it.
(The fishing enthusiast of 20 year versus a massive dorado)
(At that moment)
- Make sure you hold the rod. - Goodness.
(He shoots...)
(and pulls it up.)
(He came,)
(he saw,)
(and he conquered.)
Don't get close to the fish.
Don't approach. It's dangerous. Don't go near it.
- Wait. - I've never seen that fish before.
It's a dorado.
(The expert gets it under control for safety reasons.)
Jake is going to get it under control.
Hold on.
(It's a humongous fish.)
Jake is going to kill it right away.
Otherwise, we'll be in danger.
Nice job, Jake.
(He passes the fish onto Tae Gon.)
(It's heavy.)
(They successfully caught a dorado.)
- Hurrah! - A dorado!
Yes!
(Oh, dorado!)
(Unable to hold in his emotion, he bellows.)
Oh, spirits!
This is massive. Look at the color. I've never seen such a color.
(It's a peculiar color, mixed with many different colors.)
(The fruit of persistence, patience, skills, and help of the universe)
Did anyone catch a dorado on this show?
No. This is my first time seeing it.
- Is this the 1st time? - It's my 1st time hearing the name.
This is a dorado.
This fish is known to spit out the hook and resist.
- You saw it, didn't you? - That's why it jumped.
When it jumps near the boat,
that's when the hook usually gets loose.
But luckily, the hook didn't get loose.
So Jake did a great job pulling it out of the water.
- We'd have lost it without him. - The thing is...
that it gets away if we don't get it at our first try.
The fish spits out the hook.
(They're blown away.)
(They can't help but feel proud of themselves.)
(They have been waiting for this moment for a long time.)
Before I knew it, I felt so overwhelmed.
I said, "I can't believe I caught a dorado."
(Without realizing, he blurted out,)
(I caught a dorado at last.)
The moment I caught the fish, I stared at the sky.
I thanked the spirits.
(Thank you.)
I got to catch a fish that I've been dreaming of catching on the show.
More than anything, I'm happy that I caught such a big fish here.
(I was always at a low point in the jungle.)
I was ecstatic. I was smiling from ear to ear.
(He gets teary-eyed.)
(To catch one dorado,)
(he must have been crying from 5 years ago.)
(I promise I'll lead an honest life now.)
Out of all the fishing trips I've gone on,
this trip shocked me the most that...
the feeling still lingers in my heart. I was really surprised.
I think it will be a life-long memory for Tae Gon and me.
That's how deeply I was moved by it.
(We did it!)
(Tae Gon's dream, catching the dorado, ends with a happy ending.)
It feels rewarding today.
(The whole Tribe gathers at 7pm.)
My goodness, my face.
Please make me look pretty on the screen.
There's nothing I can do, right?
- Anything to make you look better? - Yes.
Bo Mi, you look so pretty. I'm serious. You look amazing.
- But you don't look Korean though. - Let me see.
- Hey, bring me that here. - Right now...
I want to see too.
- We can get anything. - We can switch later.
- You're so pretty. - You look exactly like yourself.
- Cho Rong. - "You look exactly like yourself."
- What do you mean? - What is she getting at?
I wonder what she meant by that.
- On the screen, you look the same. - Is that good or bad?
(Bo Mi is wearing no makeup.)
- If she looks like herself... - I can see everything on her skin.
What can you see?
I can clearly see your skin.
I'm doomed.
Cho Rong, sit down over there. Ask Bo Mi to come here.
- Cho Rong, sit here. - No, I'm sorry.
We'll tell you how you look exactly on the screen. Hey, Cho Rong.
(Pretending to be pretty)
She's pretty.
(Seriously? She's pretty.)
- Do I look pretty like her? - Of course.
- Isn't she pretty? - You look pretty too.
It's okay.
- Is it because it's not me? - You look very pretty.
(Fans, please be generous with me.)
What did you do today?
Where did you go?
We went to two places.
We went to the water slide.
I went on the water slide...
and got bruised.
- I see. - She's talking about herself.
- We know. - What is she supposed to say?
What about food?
We don't have food.
- Good job. - I got bruised a lot.
- You got bruised? - I see.
- Kang Nam, do you have food? - We caught something.
- What? - We went to a waterfall.
- 3 waterfalls. - 3 waterfalls.
We went to the waterfall and the fish were this big.
(The fish were this big.)
- Did you catch any? - We caught two of them.
Where are they?
They're not this big. They're like this.
He's lying.
They keep getting smaller.
They're actually this big.
(He gets caught lying.)
- They're this big. - This big?
- Who's this for? - It's for Bo Mi.
You guys went fishing too. Where's the marlin?
We went fishing for marlin.
We were on the boat for seven hours.
(Listen to our story.)
- And? - We didn't get a marlin.
- It's not a marlin. - However,
this is a type of fish all fishermen know.
It's called a dolphinfish.
- A dolphinfish? - Dolphinfish?
- Have you heard of it? - A dolphin?
(What's a dolphinfish?)
- A dolphinfish? - How big is it?
- You can look at it and be shocked. - You'll be shocked.
It must be big.
- Let's go. - How big is it?
- I'm hungry. - I haven't heard of it before.
I don't know if we can lift it.
- I can help. - It's that big?
It might be small.
How can it be...
(They're somewhat doubtful.)
- Oh, my. - My gosh.
- My gosh. - Goodness.
(This is the dolphinfish.)
- This is unbelievable. - What's that?
For real?
I was reeling it in...
- and was hoping for a dolphinfish. - He's a true fisherman.
It looks like a whale.
If you look at the front,
- it's sharp. - How do we eat it?
- Right. - So...
- it has no resistance. - It must be so fast.
- It swims really fast. - It must.
This is the first time a dolphinfish was caught in the jungle.
This fancy-looking fish is...
a dolphinfish that's popular in other countries.
In Hawaii, they call it mahi-mahi which means "very strong".
They can be 2.1m long and weigh 40kg.
It's a big fish...
found in Pacific, Atlantic, and Korea's southern coast.
They can jump as high as 5m...
and swim at a speed of 60km per hour.
They're called the acrobats of the sea.
They're every fisherman's dream since they're so hard to catch.
Since it was so hard to catch, does it taste good too?
- Mahi-mahi. This is so tasty. - What is it?
This is so tasty. They eat this a lot in Hawaii.
- This is tasty. - If you look here,
they open this up when they hunt.
(This opens up.)
- That's so cool. - It's cool, right?
When it opens up, that's how it looks.
- It's nicer when it's alive. - It's a mohawk.
It's popular because it tastes good.
- The taste? - This is the fin.
I'm not very confident, but I'll try to cut it up.
- Can we eat it raw? - Yes.
It's been fermented well.
We have to compromise with staff though.
- We need many things. - We're going to eat it raw.
We need a knife first.
- It's long. - We also need a cutting board.
- We need tools. - We need tools to cut up a fish.
Are you going to give us chili pepper paste and soy sauce?
Wasabi. We need to dip it in wasabi.
(It tastes good with wasabi.)
- We'll give you some fish. - Fish...
It's a good compromise.
We'll eat half and give you the other half.
You can't eat this in Korea.
It's a dolphinfish.
- We can give you the tools... - All right.
- but not the sauces. - The chili pepper paste?
- Not after Cho Rong acts cute. - What are you saying?
He likes it when Cho Rong acts cute.
Act cute.
- Cho Rong. - What are you doing?
We're depending on it...
Please act cute.
- to get sauce. - People won't like me.
- That's not true. - Please show us.
- Show us. - Do it.
- Show us. - I'm going to fish by myself.
(This is her trademark.)
Please give it to us.
(I've seen that too many times.)
His ears got red.
- Bo Mi, you too. Hurry. - Their fans are watching.
- Bo Mi. - Show them.
(Director)
(Wasabi and chili pepper paste)
Is that acting cute?
That was Lee Gey In.
(She's going to regret this for the rest of her life.)
I have a request. Our staff...
- What is it? - wants to see this. Gorilla Yoon.
I'll do it.
(I'll do it!)
- Really? - "Gorilla Yoon"?
Gorilla Yoon.
- It's been a while. - You have to move back.
Okay.
- Watch the water. - She's doing this for the sauce.
- It's for the sauce. - This is the ground.
- I'll do it for a long time. - I don't know anymore.
(She gets ready for her legendary imitation.)
- She's getting into position. - She's getting ready.
- I don't know anymore. - It's funny already.
(She's turning on the engine.)
(She's in an awkward position.)
(Their expectations go up.)
(I am...)
(a gorilla.)
She's so good.
(Gorilla Yoon appears.)
(Gorilla Yoon)
(She unleashes herself in 3 years.)
(What just passed us?)
(Dashing)
(The gorilla is desperate for some sauce.)
You have to give us the sauce.
She deserves it.
(She deserves us.)
She did it twice.
(Soy sauce for going once and red pepper paste for coming back.)
You have to give it to her.
(I am Gorilla Yoon.)
You were awesome.
- Is that part of your choreography? - Give it to me.
- No. - It's not?
How does she move like that?
- How did she do it? - She's incredible.
You have to give it to her.
We'll give you the sauces.
(They're deeply satisfied.)
(Thanks to Bo Mi, they get the sauces.)
Byung Man's Tribe has a dolphinfish,
tools to cut it up, and sauces to go with it.
How would raw dolphinfish taste?
- Hurrah, hurrah, dolphinfish! - Hurrah, hurrah, dolphinfish!
(Check it out next week.)
Subtitle by VIU. Ripped & Synced by KylieKyle.
(Next week)
(Coming soon, dolphinfish dinner)
(They gobble it down.)
(This is a new world.)
(It makes Tae Gon act cute too.)
(They follow it up with fruits.)
(The fruit lovers show their power.)
(Are there presents hidden deep in the sea?)
(Their excitement explodes.)
(The Law of Jungle, next Friday at 10pm)
(The moment you believe, you'll be tricked...)
(and the moment you're tricked, you'll lose.)
I'm an angel.
(Turn off the light.)
(They run, spin, and fight...)
(to find the angels and devils.)
(Angel's whisper and devil's temptation. What will you choose?)